For those asking: I’m gender-fluid & prefer to go by they/them pronouns atm! I’m trialling being more open about this behind my character Mellohi as I feel a little more comfortable being open about it. Had a bunch of people ask me so I thought I’d speak about it! :>

Heck yeah goob!

yikesss
now listening to the interview

I was just asking, don’t intend to.

Ye, I'm joking with ya.
Don't know how that's for clout tho

I was... Born with the name Harley?

I'm not allowed to have arguments without them being for attention, I could swing for people with a lot more following than you two hahaha

lmao i'm not female
i just got bored at 1 am and started a little twitter drama to see what'd happen
nothing against tts man

decided i don't want to be ratio'd by this person either, pls help

2019.
Listen, I don't really care too much, just think you take what you see online at face value when you shouldn't.

pls like this tweet i don't want to be ratio'd anymore

OH HE'S THAT GUY WTF HAHAHAH

WHY IS THIS WEIRDO REPLYING TO JOHN XDDDD

Yeah I don’t really care so much if people use the trans/homophobic slur around me, the n-slur is the only one I think shouldn’t ever be said.

The "Commentary L's" account took a singular L and quit.
The fuckin' irony.

sussy amogus omg

Gimmick accounts are fuckin incredible, who takes a reply from Harley-fuckin-TBS saying “mad” seriously & thinks they got an own on them LOL WHAT

I’m trans & bisexual, it’s my opinion as a minority & people should respect that.

ALT RIGHT HAHAHAHAHAH

From now on I respond to any allegations by mocking the fuckers who actually care lmao

GASLIGHT? I showed PROOF? 
Gaslighting is when you manipulate someone into thinking they’re doing something.
Learn the definitions of words before you use them wtf

I can provide the full chat if you want, I just didn’t want to leak DMs, but, yeah I can provide them all! You want all the ones surrounding the messages I showed right?

Caught in 4k

Omg Smiling face with heart-shaped eyesSmiling face with heart-shaped eyesSmiling face with heart-shaped eyes he like just reads tweets?! Exploding headExploding headExploding head How does one manPerson walkingPerson walkingPerson walking have the mental power BrainBrainBrainto read that much autism?Hot faceHot faceHot face He really takes one for the team.Hundred points symbolHundred points symbolHundred points symbol

Some people don't know the struggle of just reading tweets.

Don't die

Fat neckbeards who don't speak a word of Japanese complaining about how "inaccurate" translations are will never not be funny.

guys i think hes mad ngl

Before I go one more thing, This community:
Joking about John Swan White heavy check mark
Joking about Harley White heavy check mark
Joking about Michae1 White heavy check mark
Joking about Pieman White heavy check mark
Joking about Tipster White heavy check mark
Joking about Nick DeOrio White heavy check mark
Joking about Cordwit Cross mark

But the tweet is literally what happened to him Face with tears of joy
ok fine bye idiots ill leave forever idc
just remember I made so many people hate me just by posting pics of their own tweets and you guys think it's awesome when Bowblax does the same thing
literally go and d13 all of you (lmao I'm a dream stan rn)

I dont give a FUCK about the gimmick style now I'm going mask off and youll watch it play out I dont care

"wydm Cordwits cringe? I think you're being really mean to him Pouting facePouting facePouting facePouting face"

L

cringe

still malding because I called out your boyfriend

"And you call me unfunny lmao"

ur so unfunny its unbearable
I miss when you left the internet, do it again

ok fuck y'all you wont move on all ur proving is how bad this community is because you cant even take one small joke without exploding like the children that you are and youre holding onto it like it's the best thing youve ever seen
this account is done, have a nice day

I lost 80 followers last night your all snowflakes ffs

'chads'

get the 12 year old to do it lying bitch

this community is aids, I thought Pieman was bad but I had no idea the whole community was this reatrded

f all of you and goodnight, u guys are literally wasting your time defending a white boring yter and y'all call out dreams fans for doing the same. bunch of literal hypocrites. im sitting here laughing at all of you moron spergs on the tl
get a life fr

I call people crybabies and then their entire fanbase comes over and cries, the irony

I mean hes generic

me rn

me seeing cordwit's fanbase of 2 year olds attacking me for telling the truth

youre crying because I called out a yter that shouted you out in a video
dont act like I dont see what youre doing clout chaser

All he tweets about is how difficult his privileged life is, how his "friends" hate him and he's so self-righteous it's annoying

actually he took the L because I have 4 times his follower count and he hasnt posted since April after everyone shat on him

you havent changed one bit

youre literally 15

People would accept non-binary people more if most of us weren't so goddamn annoying and retarded

no lol

no
you can ironically fuck guys and not be gay

i mean tbf he's jewish

woman, even if the other option was not pedo

feminine

im not saying we should fuck em (im 16 so i could but i digress), I'm just saying scientifically that is the time of highest fertility

me and the bois exposing some youtubers

how old are you exactly?

which is why it's even sadder watching you act cringier than me, and i'm really cringe lol

lets hope one day you can stop tweeting like a sarcastic 14yo white girl :P

based

Unfollowed a bunch of people on the main twitter. Nothing personal, just trying to clean up my timeline

I think Bowblax or Nick for me

No I'm American, yee haw

BRUHHHHH

If you thought I would get anywhere near you, you would be very much mistaken

I don't miss my main twitter at all. The constant flow of notifs and the continual updating feed is kinda overwhelming after having such a small scale account for a while. Will probs not be using it very much.

Thanks for reminding me to block you on this account

Why is everyone in my replies a woman

why you still here bro

And you call me unfunny lmao

no lol
they're just bitches
and at least zaptie showed his face

If you reply to someone's tweet criticising/disagreeing with them and then retweet your reply, you're cringe.

YOOOO THATS EPIC

I'm probably never gonna come out IRL about being bi or genderfluid
Pretending to be normal will just make things easier

lol the way i act online makes me look so right-wing but i'm actually not

yeah because i'm an epic chad redpilled based alt-right gamer who doesn't use cringe sjw woke pronouns in bio /s

had to put the /s because you're too cringe to understand sarcasm

i can no longer support you

yang is usually based, but this is not a redpilled take from him

you said you're attracted to furries

you gay?

??

lol

the guppies Fish

time to get sucked off by a space faucet

i wonder who the redacted person with elvis is

he's going to draw the minecraft sex mod

VMs won't save you now

i probably will forget lol

true art. deserves to be placed right next to the mona lisa

you're mad that the truth is out

these are all chads

we're all playing among us irl
be careful of sus people

save this for when idiot becomes a slur in 10 years

H3's black people jokes are WAY funnier than Keem's jew jokes

Death to All Neurotypicals

yes, I'm an Autism Supremacist

homophobic as always oki

group chats are dumb

who are these people. also how do you spend 700k in 3 years on superchats and weed lol?

legend lol

he rocked the skullet the best he could for sure

‘traditional energy drinks’ in cringing so hard rn

You are still gay and you always will be

not polite

Thinking faceH3POCRITEThinking face

some of them very well may be but keemstar is not

attila needs to be involved somehow

i am joemented (demented joseph mother)

doxed

i like when chester from linkin park was in saw and played a skinhead and then was brutalized

now do the ceiling

get off the floor

i do not love my 'fans,' i am however open to enslaving a portion of them for my own uses in exchange for getting to drink my saliva. applications below!

i got the second covid shot and i feel like absolute shit auehehejhffh

its so bad i feel like i have gay now or smth holy fuck ing

BRO FUCK YOU

shadow the hedgehog has done unspeakable things to me in my dreams

the voices in my head are telling me to order g-fuel and listen to skrillex

give me likes you fat cunt

when I was called a nazi it was the best day of my life.

He was my favorite youtuber and now he’s a fuck face

give me your complete thoughts on the Israeli-Pakistani conflict

help us ratio the white house

okay mr. figger naggot

I CANT KILL THIS MOTHERFUCKER. What’s really painful is that every time you die they force you to watch the same cutscene.

respond you tard

that's what happens when you rely your entire career as an online personality. only very few amount of people can pull that off

that’s pretty gay

Bro that is so hot Face with look of triumph

FREE PALESTINE FREE PALESTINE FREE PALESTINE FREE PALESTINE FREE PALESTINE FREE PALESTINE FREE PALESTINE FREE PALESTINE FREE PALESTINE FREE PALESTINE

bullshit my placenta got ruptured

Yo Cool Cat, Palestine or Israel?

you look fucking gay

EXACTLY. These fake ass channels preach about mental health and they’re constantly putting people down.

Married man be like "HEUEUEHE I CAN SEE HER BEWBZ ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)

That's not even close to his worse tweet

dog

gay

conspiracy posting

I'm back bitches!

Oh no... I got called a nazi again.. I'm scared ahhhh

I agree, those types of ppl shouldn't have a platform

I'M FUCKING SCREAMING LMAO WHY DID THIS MAKE IT IN TWITTER VS it's like my worst tweet I've ever made

So fucking aids lmao

So relatable

Wanna play Fortnite rn

How does he even find all these old Crusty chats

Ask him cause I was cool til he blocked me for no reason then said I was going to make his mentally ill girlfriend kill herself

LMAO ladies, please!

Women be like "he's my gay best friend Zany face" when they are asked about you by their friends

Hello alt account that was created solely to talk to me

You're the neo nazi hunter? Face with tears of joy only thing you hunting is some French fries

Lots of very nasty people.

He's lying I fucking hate Nick. Reinforce your door

I want ya'll to think about the very real fact that if Hitler were around today, genociding the Jews: He would be tweeting like this 
Just think about that

I just died in a fiery car accident fuck

I see way more extreme "incel" behavior from women on this app than I see from men

you are literally so dumb it's not even debatable

Have you tried not being poor and cringe?

Suck that autistism right off

wrong hate symbol, cringe

Did you just call me a sperg?? I'm going live right now Mr night wave, your career is over..

Also fuck you for restarting this debate now my feed is going to be really gay for a few hours lmao

It's only cringe cause they are both kids

HAHAHAH what a bunch of freaks!

No one has answered me why Lt Cobra's friends are all sexual degenerates (furries).. Kinda weird imo, something that should be looked into probably

cope and swallow

This whole systems rigged and we all know the riggers

I’m 16 now. Only two years left until people can make believable false criminal accusations against me.

I’m retarded

egirl genocide plz

i am violence

Jokes aside, say what you want about John but man let me know that being gay was wrong. I reckon he deserves a redemption, it's up to you to allow it though. Which I am doing

lol

I will only forgive you if you publicly say the n word

why do women reject me Disappointed but relieved face

“aiden why do you hate women?”

why tf did leinad block me lol

playboi fatty

joe

wow bro an autistic 15 year old weirdly messaged a 12 year old on the internet

“today I’m gonna wake up join discord and get roasted by an estonian pedophile”

snl is boomer humor

“sperging and overdosing on copium”
go outside and talk to a woman

I came back for a day and I already wanna unfollow everyone. Why tf is everything still so cringe lol.

diesel patches is communist

Why is everyone talking about cobra lol

the scariest street gang of all is the gaylords

bitches really be grown adults in relationships with people on discord lol

I respect serial killers more than I respect fnaf fans

you ever find another dude sexually attractive? not in a gay way though.

karl jacobs says slurs behind the scenes

nfkrz is the stupidest fucking commentator to ever live

I would love to hear that from this ratio

your mom doesn’t watch this ratio

2+ convicted murderers were released by mistake from multiple prisons over the past week in multiple states. A manhunt for the murderers is underway.

I hate women

god is no longer among us

f all of you and goodnight, u guys are literally wasting your time defending a white boring yter and y'all call out dreams fans for doing the same. bunch of literal hypocrites. im sitting here laughing at all of you moron spergs on the tl
get a life fr

I'm still waiting...

Calm down before you have a heart attack bruh

I just joined a vc and did nothing, i got banned for doing absolutely nothing bruh? tf are you on about?

Didn't you and your boys bring up the pieman drama up again after months of no one giving a shit?

I just wanted to talk to my favorite youtube... :(

squid edward cope

aight bet

Small commentators are cringe

I can't fall asleep
I can't fall asleep 
I can't fall asleep
I can't fall asleep 
I can't fall asleep
I can't fall asleep 
I can't fall asleep
I can't fall asleep 
I can't fall asleep
I can't fall asleep 
I can't fall asleep
I can't fall asleep 
I can't fall asleep
I can't fail-

I put the b in based

Pubic mounds are just penis jew fros

I'm fucking done tweeting about her bruh, stop sending me screenshots of stupid shit she's saying, I don't wanna see it, hear about it
Let her pop off and stay mad, no one fucking cares anyways

I don't delete my call history

Even if what I did were true (which it isnt) what makes it justified for you and your friends to get in contact with irls of my own, dox my phone number, dox my full name and called me OVER 50 TIMES to harass me, which I had to change my number
You have massive double standards

same here, I'm only saying my part because she got pissed over a meme I posted

yeah and it's may and you mfs keep going on about it, so what's your point?

I assume the bleach fumes are rotting her brain cells, if not that then idk

You accused my friends and I of being doxxers, still have yet to show any proof of it, the videos you did show as "proof" has been already proven false and if you watch the video no police were actually involved.

The police aren't monitoring my social media, what the hell on you on about?! This is a blatant ass lie bruh! LMAO

Also too saying that discord people said something is true is such an ass excuse for proof, have you been paying attention to the pieman grooming allegations?

your friend got cucked :p

*Rain makes a based tweet*
"rain are you having another heart attack?"
yes.... and?

*Rain lies about having a heart attack a year ago*
*admits to lying, took a break, took accountability and stopped lying*
*rain makes 1 tweet memeing about someone*
"OMG YOU HAVEN'T CHANGED AT ALL RAIN! YOU'RE STILL A SPERG!"
...nigguh what?

Too much to go into, I'll sum it up by saying very hypocritical, very petty, has double standards for a lot of shit when it comes to her or her friends, she's ok when one of her friends doxxes, she's currently actively trying to split my friend's relationship up and much more.

If you think that's bad, you should hear how she is behind the scenes. It's way worse lmao

I was hacked.

Ethan & Trisha are hypocrites, everyone knows it. 
It’s funny to see the entire YouTube community fan base point out that the H3H3 fans themselves are also hypocrites. 
You been getting destroyed on Twitter. Non stop. 
Love to see it. GG

Was going to post without censoring but I was afraid I’d get banned for too much cleavage.

Onlyfans?

Toxic Ninja is the best Ninja

Deleted: I don’t think you can call people the b word anymore ..

My own personal entertainment.

Yeah to all these people requesting me to be canceled. 
I was thinking about it and actually decided not to be canceled. 
Sorry.

I been caught in 4K!

U.S. intelligence agencies have to release a report on everything they know about UFO's by June 1st 2021
16 more days - You excited?

I can’t ignore this,  I can’t have people thinking I’m fucking anti-Semitic? 
bro what are you saying?

I agree they should get in trouble for attacking the Uber Drivers car. That's so messed up!

Blessing you with the gift to find money in the woods.

You follow me. I do not follow you .

I know I will regret this. But I’ve never been afraid to get my opinion so why start now.

I am not a financial advisor , I am a YouTuber.

I can’t sleep and it’s your fault

They re sued Ethan

We do not allow sexual-harassment in this work environment. I do not believe you would be a good fit.

Why am I not surprised

who cares lol

me and john swan in 20 years

obama hamburger sussy balls

i would take a bullet for your son

I think you mean staring at the wall

very down with the kids

not for long

arlus enjoyers when they find he's just a guy who does funny things on twitter and watches football with friends

augie moment

moving forward :(

I've seen the joke around twitter lol, is there like a player with a similar name to hamas or palestine lmao

Good meme

Kevin I love you please follow me on Twitter please I like your science video thank you I love you Keven leba

what the fuck is this @MrBeast

nuclear take

tories arnt alt right lol

bals

The loyal arlus

Actually no joke please refer to me a Cheese pizza (CP for short)

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

Pictures of my balls that’ll make you happy

i runnin for presi yuh dez nut on ballot ye

my p.e teacher<3

Average hay fever enjoyer

A little over-reaction

so yeah i've been living here rent free for a couple days guys

cave my fucking skull in

arlus bias or augie bias we'll have to see

cope/seethe/mald

4K ratio down bad caught lack bussin

big fucking milkers please

pedophile burger

where does the women go

i was only 14 :(

chernobyl was pretty nuclear

maybe we want cp nick

what a fucking pigger

isn't he like 5 foot 8 and anorexic, couldn't do him dirty like that

I am literally still in your head lol

i reckon flying powers kick in if you quit twitter

augie when a youtuber messages a minor

you spent 30 minutes arguing with a guy who replies with bruh sound effects lol

spergs calling spergs spergs

if you call me unfunny or a sperg

Tomorrow we go full scorched earth

LOL

I found a video of Keemstar singing in my download folder, rest assured it’s been added to the video

Why is an L’s account constantly spazzing out. Like your job is literally just to post screenshots.

Oh no he's going to draw John Swan

This all started with Aiden saying “cant have shit in Detroit”

This dude just apologized for Marxism and called out Elon Musk in the octagon.

In 2021 the commentary community would have undoubtedly condemned PewDiePie for being a Nazi

And your a dude who hides behind a drawn pfp with no audience and has a weird fixation with Jewish people.

so does most people with a brain

read the tweet. It's literally english

Enjoy your chromebook lol

Shut up

Maybe a nuclear take however, I think the first post proves his point effectively and he doesn't need to go full Insider Jouno and pretend Keem's 2017 "Fiver Guys" WSJ joke was hateful in nature.

My nuclear take for that situation is that I realistically haven’t spent more than 30 seconds caring about it.

Refiled all 3 counter notifications Twitter refuses to answer and sent the person threatening to swat me... my address as required. Thank you Twitter!

How am I not verified yet after 30+ impersonation accounts spamming my account with my/my firends dox this year and constant illegal DMCA abuse without a direct line to Twitter?

I wrote the scripts on a night I just felt like being an asshole

This video has like the biggest roster of dipshits ever. It's the Smash Ultimate of DeOrio videos

I agree that this is an issue most of the time. However, I myself didn’t get dislike bombed on my video I made on Keemtar when I had 1000 subscribers but I did get hammered on my Quartering video which had a 50% at release. I feel it varies.

If I had to make a “Bad YouTuber Trope starter kit”, it would look like a lot of terms like these (commonly misused/overused arguments) spammed to try and sound smart. 
Let’s look at one of them.

My entire timeline: "I'm so upset I saw Dank's balls Ima retweet them"

You’re just being purposefully disingenuous if you aren’t understanding why this is a big deal

The video of John Swan saying he loves Israel has aged extremely poorly

Formal request to not engage with “the account”, not being specific to avoid more people replying. There is literally no reason to entertain this person who’s unhinged and unwell. I really don’t feel like being accused of “harassment” again.

The elitism over computers is insane. Just make more money lol

My favorite part is “accused”

BREAKING NEWS INSTAGRAM IS ALT RIGHT

Whenever I sit down and watch a show with my parents, the social commentary in the episodes feels extremely forced and cringe

But you understand how those things you listed that she did are why we covered it right? Like if she made a few tweets or made a Twitter video crying, realistically no one would have cared.

Boy, old Joe Biden has the Karen's rioting after he said masks off for the vaxed.  The loss of power is a pretty big cope lol!

We have a headline reader genius here!
Please explain to the nit-wit that they should take in all the content and listen, to and try to understand THE POINT, before trying to come off as a smart ass....

I'm not responsible for your suicide

I'm sticking up for Keem for Christ shake!

get rekt Nazi!

is that real?

He's right, we never again should tolerate violent attacks of gay night clubs or how these people trash and burn our city's on a near nightly basis!
Oh wait..............

last drink, you're flagged!

Damn, I've been sucking Keem's dick for all these years now I have to suck Augie's too?  
Oh well...
Oh by the way JMAA, that guy who ate poop is trans now.  So you can't make fun off him anymore for being annoying.

ironic, don't you think?

Dude this guy fucked up LOL

When you're wrong you're wrong...
:/

BREAKING NEWS
BOOGIE2988 Issued Warrant For AGGRAVATED ASSAULT
LINK BELOW!

Hey everyone 
@kattenbarge
 sent me a love letter so I sent her one back.

Im an r-slur no SFTP Today

I used to laugh at these people, now I understand..
We need to #StopVRFailHate

Do me a favor follow 
@Hayden92164446
 he's a real fukhead and does not punch his monitor while playing Super Hot during VR!

Boy, I learned my lesson!
Next time I'll keep in my pants with VR porn, too dangerous!

This is what happens when you live with your parents into your 30s kids!  Somebody tell this idiot he would have to sue me no matter how much "stuff" you send the Germans....

Real talk, all the reporters I met in Iraq I thought were weasels and candy asses, not fucking heroes!

Wait... another false allegation from Turkish Thomas?
Damn

He's never trying to make a joke. It's not satire, it's not self-awareness, he's never joking. But he's so disconnected from reality, some of the shit he does is genuinely funny

Every-night I call Pyrocynical to remind him he's a fat loser, just in-case he forgets it for even a minute

who said it was cancelled?

fat

He's said this before multiple times. It's a cycle

how to draw a mental breakdown in a game of pictionary

I don't know, this man seems to be a genius

why have you sent me a picture of your cock?

Keem you have about two whole braincells left, I think you should one of them to replace a letter

Fousey belongs in Arkham Asylum, why aren't you doing you job?

more false paedophile allegations.. what are you imallexx?

I am in a bunker. I have enough cigarettes for one year. Enough food for one week. There is a video coming

OJ Simpson was a victim of cancel culture

catch this ratio

LOL WHAT

he‘s scared of my power

technically pieman got all of his success from sexting a 12-year-old

Why do you support Elon Musk?

these are all your alts mate

dream please call me your kitten, i am definitely not in a very dangerous parasocial relationship

fuck you

mask off

sussy hypnosis

the "mexicans" are trying to silence us

I‘m not actually John Swan :(

@nicholasdeorio
 can you start calling your fans nickers

do people still watch nicholasdeorio?
like and share if you are a nicker

all slurs are based

Hey, I can say the N-Word. I‘m racist

Sorry, the only thing I find funny are racial slurs :/

i will say the n word if this tweet gets 100 likes

don’t know why people still don’t like pyrocynical when he only ever groomed a single child

video of dream saying the n word has been resurfacing lol

how can i be a mysogynist if i love my mom? checkmate

He's called Killer Keemstar because he killed the Dog that one time

I regret nothing. Dream Is a stupid whore

you have the imposter syndrome (sus)

Bro put on a dress and look like a gangster for us kavos lmaooo

Honestly the most embarrassing stuff I ever took part in on Twitter and YouTube was all the rape stories. 
Literally nobody knows besides those two people 90% of the time. And declaring a winner from behind my desk by reading in between the lines of statement makes no sense.

It makes our whole genre look bad.
But if you are into that kind of stuff h3 and keem take opposite sides on every situation so lol

No. It was fucking hilarious

Is Elon just secretly way more controversial than I realized???

Killers legit be sexy sometimes, but you right.

*Cobra puts some overly used meme about how he does a lil trolling while simultaneously crying behind the scenes

Gay porn is straighter than the nerds complaining about the hot tub streamers

I am simp nation. And simp nation will never rest

I whooped you two so bad I'm pretty sure i broke TOS

Dude just needs to stick to dating sites. Stop using snap chat to flirt. Stop sending nudes.

Pussy. Just post that bitch yellow like the rest of us

I’m gonna fuck James Charles to show him the real power imbalance